#summary Some ideas about the google calendar syncing feature

= Introduction =

For the redcord module, I will implement a google calendar synchronisation with the application. Some usecases and their realistation are described here below.

= Details =

== Use Cases ==

* Data needs to be synced from google calendar to the db
* Data needs to be synced from the db to google calendar

== Realisation ==

* Will show a syncing dialog with a small table inside, listing all the items to be synced from google with the db.

At this moment there is the CalendarEventEntryDialog that takes care of this. The backing beans for the table will be changed to regular RedcordSessions. The eventlist with all the clients has to be available to relate a client to each event. 

Two options when the dialog is closed

 * New items: The date and calendarId are initialized using the CalendarEventEntry data. The clientId will be initialised according to the selection in the AutoCompletionTableCellEditor and their name and email address will be added to the participants of the calendar entry. Also, the description of the entry should be changed to a standard event notation. No new entry can be made if there was no client selected, so the item will be discarded.
They can take the original text from google calendar as additional description.

 * Existing items: Existing CalendarEventEntries already have a linked RedcordSession with a corresponding calendarId. These should be retrieved before dialog construction and passed together with the unsaved items. Just check for these items that the date is synced correctly with the CalendarEventEntry. Other fields should be left as they are.